License agreement

This License Agreement ("Agreement") accompanies the OllyDbg version 1.10,
OllyDbg Plugin Development Kit version 1.10 and related files ("Software").
By using the Software, you agree to be bound by all of the terms and
conditions of the Agreement. 

The Software is distributed "as is", without warranty of any kind, expressed
or implied, including, but not limited to warranty of fitness for any
particular purpose. In no event will the Author be liable to you for any
special, incidental, indirect, consequential or any other damages caused by
the use, misuse, or the inability to use of the Software, including any lost
profits or lost savings, even if Author has been advised of the possibility
of such damages.

The Software is owned by Oleh Yuschuk ("Author") and is Copyright (c) 2000-
2004 Oleh Yuschuk. To use this Software on a permanent basis or for commercial
purposes, you must register it by filling the supplied registration form and
sending it to the Author. You don't need to register Software if you use it
exclusively with Randall Hyde's High Level Assembly. If you are already a
registered OllyDbg user, you don't need to re-register the Software again.
If the Software is registered to a company or organization, any person within
the company or organization has the right to use it at work. You may install
the registered Software on any number of storage devices, like hard disks,
floppy disks etc. and are allowed to make any number of backup copies of this
Software.

You are not allowed to modify, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer
the Software except and only to the extent that such activity is expressly
permitted by applicable law. You are not allowed to distribute or use any
parts of the Software separately. You may make and distribute copies of this
Software provided that a) the copy contains all files from the original
distribution and these files remain unchanged; b) if you distribute any
other files (for example, plugins) together with the Software, they must be
clearly marked as such and the conditions of their use cannot be more
restrictive than conditions of this Agreement; and c) you collect no fee
(except for transport media, like CD or diskette), even if your distribution
contains additional files.

You are allowed to develop and distribute your own plugins -- Dynamic Link
Libraries that connect to the Software and make use of the functions
implemented in the Software -- free of charge provided that a) your plugins
contain no features that persuade or force user to register them, or limit
functionality of unregistered plugins; b) you allow free distribution of your
plugins on the conditions similar to that of the Software; and c) you collect
no fee (except for transport media, like CD or diskette). If you want to
develop commercial plugin, please contact Author for a special Agreement.

The distribution includes files PSAPI.DLL and DBGHELP.DLL that are the
Microsoft(R) Redistributable files. These files should be installed only in
the directory where the Software resides. You should use supplied PSAPI.DLL
only on Windows NT(R) 4.0. You are not allowed to distribute PSAPI.DLL or
DBGHELP.DLL separately from the Software.

This Agreement covers only the actual version 1.10 of the OllyDbg and
version 1.10 of the OllyDbg Plugin Development Kit. All other versions are
covered by separate License Agreements.
